hi everybody here we are in the garden
again today we're making a bike side I
only make in these things I've got
YouTube video subject to make a video
about so I'm what we've done is we've
built the frame here up some old
scaffolding planks using up some old
wood ear I to buy this wood for the roof
Auckland got some tiles leftover we're
going to use those tiles and made a
little thing a little patio a little
floor here out of old bits and pieces
that have been laying around the garden
stuff or dug up in the garden excuse me
hello yeah yeah I'm doing the shed now
no I'm not doing the YouTube video doing
the shed I'm just starting on the roof
now yeah okay I'll be as quick as I can
yeah no honestly I'm not doing the
YouTube video right Cielo that was my
boss telling me you know just a bit of
it anyway so I'll bring the camera up
and you can have a look at the floor
here
these concrete slabs I dug these up in
the garden they were all buried in the
muck and it's just an asshole to get rid
of them so far better build a little
patio and use them up get them out of
the way you can see some old tiles we've
got leftover from when we built the
house
got to use a more Perella otherwise they
just cluttering up the garden so to get
rid of them I'm going to build a true
fear never built a tile roof before but
let's just see what happens
so the trick is you've got to put these
laps on that five point five centimeters
apart from there to there and just lay
the tiles on top so now I've just got to
do the work and screw them all down like
and decade earlier from 1958 and
interstellar in London probably health
and safety wouldn't like this one made
out of metal so sometimes you get a bit
worried you may get a shock it works
good now we just have a quick checks if
the tiles fit best to check first before
I screw all the lattice on
that works out all right okay so we're
going to try putting the camera on a
30-foot pole so you can see better
what's happening
and we're going to lay some tiles on
there and just a quick little bit to
give you an idea of how it works
you
so now we need a big storm to test if
it's waterproof and couple of more tiles
inland
that was tailing the bike shirt and take
the camera off this 20-foot pole now
thanks for watching